Wrote documentation for Marc-to-Instance mapping processor (#192)
folio-org/mod-source-record-manager: RuleProcessorApi.md

### Introduction
The source-record-manager(SRM) converts MARC records to Inventory instances while handling incoming data. The process of converting MARC record into Instance object is usually called **MARC-to-Instance mapping**. 

Conversion logic is defined by mapping rules and these rules are described in JSON. Mapping rule basically has functions for data normalization(trim leading whitespaces, remove slashes, remove ending punctuation) and the target Instance field, where to put result of mapping.
#### *This document describes structure of rules, flags, real use cases and REST API to work with.*
#
### What is mapping rule

> Basically, rule is a simple key-value JSON element. The key serves a MARC record's field(tag). The value itself is a rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basically, rule is a simple key-value JSON element. MARC record's field(tag) serves as a key. The value itself is a rule.
```

```json
Rule:
{
  "001":[
    {
      "target":"hrid",
      "description":"The human readable ID"
    }
  ]
}
```

> This rule belongs to the "001" field and handles all the "001" fields from incoming record. It just takes a value from "001" field and put it to Instance "hrid" field. The "hrid" field is a string and such rules are usual for **Control field**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule belongs to the "001" field and handles all the "001" fields from incoming record. It takes value from "001" field and puts it into Instance "hrid" field. Such rules are usual for **Control field**.
```

#### Normalization functions

> In most cases the record value needs to be normalized before getting into Instance field, because of record data is often raw and mixed . For this purpose we have to use such structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases the record value needs to be normalized before getting into Instance field. For this purpose we have to use such structure:
```

          "subfield": ["b"],
          "rules": []
        },
        {
          "target": "publication.dateOfPublication",
          "description": "Date of publication",
          "subfield": ["c"],
          "rules": []
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "entity": [
        {
          "target": "publication.place",
          "description": "Place of publication",
          "subfield": ["f"],
          "rules": []
        },
        {
          "target": "publication.publisher",
          "description": "Publisher of publication",
          "subfield": ["g"],
          "rules": []
        },
        {
          "target": "publication.dateOfPublication",
          "description": "Date of publication",
          "subfield": ["h"],
          "rules": []
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
```
An outcome Instance looks like this in Json:
```json
Instance:
{
  "publication":[
    {
      "place":"Chicago, Illinois :",
      "publisher":"The HistoryMakers,",
      "dateOfPublication":"[2016]"
    },
    {
      "place":"Nashville, Tennessee :",
      "publisher":"Revenant Records,",
      "dateOfPublication":"[2015]"
    }
  ]
}
```
##### New object per repeated sub-fields

> If there are several repeated sub-fields in one single record, then `entity` will concatenate them. To create a new object per each sub-field even they are repeated, we can use `entityPerRepeatedSubfield` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are several repeated sub-fields in one single record, then `entity` will concatenate them. To create a new object per each sub-field if they are repeated, we can use `entityPerRepeatedSubfield` flag:
```
